Adding November 2023 Update to Docs (#33)
Ammalgam-Protocol/docs: docs/updates/November_2023.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# November 2023

## TL;DR

- We spiffed up and are planning on publicly announcing our [docs](https://docs.ammalgam.xyz) next week.

> - Website update scheduled for next week before the documentation announcement.

Author: ```suggestion
- (Landing page)[https://ammalgam] update in time for documentation announcement.
```

> - [Landing page](https://ammalgam) update in time for documentation announcement.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Landing page](https://ammalgam.xyz) update in time for documentation announcement.
```

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# November 2023

Date: October 31, 2023 → November 30, 2023

# TL;DR

> - We spiffed up and are planning on publicly announcing our [docs](https://docs.ammalgam.xyz) next week

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We spiffed up and are planning on publicly announcing our [docs](https://docs.ammalgam.xyz) next week.
```

- Website update scheduled for next week before the documentation announcement.
- We are targeting publicly sharing and announcing  our [dApp](https://ammalgam.vercel.app/) before the end of the year.
- Added ERC-4626 interface to our tokens, a first step in adding interest rate logic

> - Slow fundraising allowed me to dive into the code and making a huge dent in wrapping up no oracle work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Slow fundraising allowed me to dive into the code and making a huge dent in wrapping up no oracle work.
```

We also introduced the [ERC-4626](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/) interface that will be important to allow for easy integrations with lending aggregators and also introduces the concept of shares and assets which is crucial for accruing interests. 

## Docs

Last month I got a rough outline of our docs up on our website. This month we added styling, refined the content, and added our contract documentation. Contract documentation allow you to see each contract and all of its functions and events along with the documentation for that function.

## Interface

> We want to release the dApp by the end of the year. So we made a priority list and picked the top items we thought we could deliver on. The Pair overview page will get a light touch if not all of the wire frame below. This should help to make if feel a bit more like Aave and Compound and give users quick access to accomplish simple tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want to release the dApp by the end of the year. So we made a priority list and picked the top items we thought we could deliver on. The Pair overview page will get a light touch for most, if not all, of the attributes on the wire frame below. This should help to make if feel a bit more like Aave and Compound and give users quick access to accomplish simple tasks.
```

![Pool Page](./assets/Pool%20Page.png)

The second goal is to add helper text throughout the app to help give users an easy way to learn more about what things are, what they do, and what they mean. 

> The last goal is to rename a few things in the app to try to be more consistent with other daps. One example is that we interchange the words Pool and Pair a lot and it can be confusing. So this is really an exercise in making sure we are using consistent language with apps that we offer feature parity with to help the average DeFi degen feel at home. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last goal is to rename a few things in the dApp to try to be more consistent with other dApps. One example is that we interchange the words Pool and Pair a lot and it can be confusing. So this is really an exercise to help the average degen feel at home and make sure we are using consistent language with dApps with which we offer feature parity. 
```
